LIZ: FACEBOOK'S LATEST DEFENSE
AFTER THE "NEW YORK TIMES"
BOMBSHELL PIECE SHOWING THEY
SHARED YOUR INFORMATION WITH BIG
TECH COMPANIES WITHOUT YOUR
PERMISSION.
MEDIA REPORTER JOE CONCHA.
FACEBOOK IS SAYING, "NEW YORK
TIMES," YOU GOT IT WRONG.
THEY ARE SAYING WHEN NETFLIX AND
SPOTIFY, IF YOU ARE ON NETFLIX
AND SPOTIFY, AND YOU WANT TO SAY
I LIKE THIS MOVIE OR SONG AND
YOU MESSAGE IT VIA FACEBOOK
THAT'S WHY THEY SEE THE
MESSAGING.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THEIR
EXPLANATION THERE?
>> THEY APPEAR TO BE SAYING THIS
IS VOLUNTARY BY THEIR USERS.
A LOT OF FOLKS OUT THERE WON'T
TRUST FACEBOOK BECAUSE SO MUCH
OTHER INFORMATION HAS BEEN
EXPOSED.
PERSONAL INFORMATION IN MANY
CASES.
THIS HAS BEEN A HORRIBLE YEAR
FOR FACEBOOK.
THEIR MARKET VALUE IS DOWN $215
BILLION.
SO THEN YOU KIND OF DRAW BACK TO
PERHAPS WILL THIS BE THE SAME
SITUATION WE SAW WITH STEVE JOBS
WITH APPLE?
I DON'T KNOW IF A LOT OF PEOPLE
SAW THE MOVIES OR READ THE
BOOKS.
BUT STEVE JOBS WAS REMOVED AS
THE FOUNDER OF THE COMPANY.
THE COMPANY CREATED IN HIS
GARAGE.
HIS OWN CEO GOT THE BOARD TO
VOTE HIM OUT.
HE EVENTUALLY CAME BACK AND
SAVED THE COMPANY.
IT TURNS OUT MARK ZUCKERBERG HAS
60% OF THE VOTING POWER BECAUSE
OF A DUAL CLASS STRUCTURE THAT
WEIGHS CERTAIN SHARES OVER
OTHERS.
FOR HOME WHO THINK ZUCKERBERG
CAN GET KICKED OUT, PROBABLY
NOT.
LIZ: REMEMBER MARK ZUCKERBERG
SAID, JANUARY, I'M GOING TO FIX
FACEBOOK.
EXECUTIVES QUITTING OR BEING
FORCED OUT.
AND THIS APOLOGY TOUR BY
ZUCKERBERG AND SANDBERG THAT
THEY ARE GOING TO DO BETTER.
WHERE DOES IT END?
EVEN IF YOU BREAK UP FACEBOOK,
THERE WILL BE PEOPLE FLOCKING TO
FACEBOOK.
I AM NOT SURE HOW IT END.
>> I'M NOT SURE EITHER.
IN MY CASE I'M NOT ALLOWED TO
LEAVE.
MY RELATIVES WOULD KILL ME.
WHERE ARE THE PICTURES OF THE
KID.
SO IT KILLS A LOT OF BIRD WITH
ONE STONE.
BUT MARK ZUCKERBERG WHEN HE
CREATED THIS COMPANY -- WHEN HE
STOLE THE IDEA FOR THIS COMPANY
SOME WOULD SAY BACK IN HARVARD
IN 2003 IN A ROOM WEB WAS JUST
AN IDEAS GUY.
I CAN GIVE EVERYONE A FACEBOOK
WAY TO SHARE THEIR HISTORY AND
THOUGHTS.
HE NEVER WAS A BUSINESSMAN.
LIZ: PEOPLE AREN'T BUYING THIS
ALTRUISTIC KIND OF TALK.
WHEN YOU WALK BY A STORE AND ALL
OF A SUDDEN YOU SEE ON YOUR
FACEBOOK AN AD POP UP.
IT'S ABOUT YOUR LOCATION.
THAT'S CREEPY.
THEY CAN FIND YOUR LOCATION VIA
YOUR INTERNET PROTOCOL ADDRESS.
WOULD YOU PAY FACEBOOK $5 A
MONTH AND SAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WHAT AN AD-FREE PRIVATE
EXPERIENCE.
I WANT MY INFORMATION LOCKED
DOWN.
WOULD I PAY THEM MONTHLY?
>> IF I COULD TRUST THEY WOULD
KEEP MY INFORMATION LOCKED DOWN?
$60 A YEAR?
MAYBE.
I THINK BECAUSE THE RELEVANCE
AND THE PRESSURE THEM WOULD BE
OVERWHELMING.
THE LOCATION SERVICES YOU ARE
TALKING ABOUT.
YOU HAVE TO KEEP THEM ON EVERY
TIME YOU PUT A PICTURE UP THEY
WHAT TO SAY WHERE YOU ARE.
$5.
I THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE WALK
AWAY FROM IT.
THE MINUTE YOU PUT A PRICE TAG
ON IT.
SUDDENLY THEY DON'T LOVE IT AS
MUCH.
SOME COMPETITOR COMES ALONG AND